Previously on "Station 19"...I have a brother.
It sounds like you got
great family, great parents.
I wasn't adopted.
I grew up
with our parents.
What Jeremy did to you,
chances are...
he's done to someone else.
And we gotta find them,
right?Yeah, we gotta find them.
We gotta get them
to come forward.
♪ Underneath the sink
of the hallway bathroom ♪
♪ There's a first aid kit
with a needle that I can use ♪
♪ To stitch you up
'cause you're bleeding out ♪
♪ And it's far too deep
for a bandage now ♪
♪♪
♪ Oh, I wish I had
a steadier hand ♪
♪♪
♪ Or the words
to bring you back again ♪
♪♪
♪ Yeah, I wish I had
a steadier hand ♪
♪ I quiver
[ Door closes ]Jack: Hey.
Ugh. Now the Internet
is debating whether or not
I should have dressed sexier
for my plea hearing.
Would you please stop
reading that crap?
Please.No, i-it's the only way we're
gonna find them.
[ Sniffs ]
I got you eggs,
chicken sausage,
and whole wheat toast.
It --
That's weird, right?
That we eat chicken with eggs
at the same time?
That's weird, right?"She shouldn't have to stand
trial for what she did --
she should get a parade.
This man was a monster
and what she did
was self-defense."
That's promising.
Anonymous.
Wait.
"Jeremy was a predator
in college.
He ruined
so many lives.
I'm glad he's not gonna hurt
any more women."
They listed themselves
as "ClassOf08Dropout."
I mean,
I-I-I made a list
of his college classmates
already, right?
That could be something. Uh --Mm-hmm.
All I have to do is --
is check who didn't graduate.
Hey, can you
do something for me?
Just a li--
just a little favor?What?
Can you please eat?Okay, eating, eating.
[ Smooches ]
Natasha: Mnh-mnh.
Sullivan: Mm? Mm-hmm.Listen --
Mnh-mnh. Mnh-mnh.Let me go. Let me go.
Mnh-mnh.
No, seriously.
This time, I-I have to go.No.
I swear, my neighbor
Mrs. Parker,
she waits at the door
and listens for me to come home.
I have to go.
Unless Mrs. Parker's
on the city council,
I don't really care.
[ Both laugh ]
Mm. Do you think we only
want each other like this
because we can't
have each other?
[ Sighs ]
You know,
like after Iraq.
You got discharged.
I did one more tour, and then
I thought you'd wait for me.
But you --
But I didn't.
But you met Claire.
[ Sighs ] And then it just got
a little too hard
to keep watching you
be happy on social,
so I unfollowed you, and I just
let the past be the past.
Well, I didn't know
you wanted me to wait.
I didn't know
I had to ask you to wait.
Well, if I could do it
all over again --
Oh, you wouldn't change
a damn thing.
Yes, I would.
You fell in love.Mnh-mnh.
You got married.
Twice.
[ Both laugh ]
Well, I got you now.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
And I want you more now...Mm.
...than five minutes ago.
Well, then...
I'm sorry, Mrs. Parker,
you have to wait.
[ Laughs ]
Sorry, Mrs. Parker?
I'm sorry, Mrs. Parker.
I am for real.
[ Both laugh ]
[ Indistinct conversations,
telephone ringing ]
[ Tapping on chair ]
We have been waiting for hours.
What's going on?
Uh, it's been 40 minutes.Okay, since we got inside.
But then we were outside
for at least half an hour.
Still not hours, plural.
[ Door opens ]Man: Rodney?
[ Sighs ]
I can't believe
they made me
throw my macchiato out
at security.
You really don't need
more caffeine.
Okay, so, birth certificate --
check.
Marriage certificate -- check.
You have your passport?
Wait, did I need that?
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
I am kidding.
Oh, no. This is not the day
to joke with me, Maya.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
We have everything, okay?
We went over it with the lawyer
like five times.
We are good.
Yeah.
Hey.
Are you stressed
about the interview
or the fact that it's almost
time to take a pregnancy test?
[ Whimpers ]Okay, okay.
Definitely both.
Everything always happens
at once. Why?
I know. I'm trying to look at it
as good luck on both fronts.
Yeah, we definitely
don't need luck
when it comes
to immigration.
We just need whichever officer
we get assigned to
to be in a good mood today,
because our entire future
depends on the whim of
one person with too much power.
So, luck.
I-I'm ju--
I'm very bad at waiting.
Oh, I know.Just very bad at waiting.
[ Door opens ]Officer Dang: DeLuca?
Huh? Yes?Carina?
Yes. That's me.
[ Sighs ]
Theo: If Andy goes to trial
and loses --
No, she won't. She won't.Right, but if she does --
10 years.
And she turned down
the plea deal why?
Because if she
accepts a plea deal,
it's like saying
she's guilty.
No, it's like saying
she doesn't want
to spend hundreds of thousands
of dollars on a trial
and a possible decade
in jail.
Uh, no, no.
No, not to the public, it's not.
The entire city's been
following her case
and debating whether or not
she's a victim.
And if she accepts
the plea deal --
which by the way
was invented
to trap poor people
into taking jail time --
that's like saying,
"I'm scared I'm gonna lose,
so I'll take
the nine months jail time
and three years probation
just as a way out."
And you know what? I respect her
for standing her ground.
I agree.
Mm.
I think it's wrong.Well, it's wrong
that she's facing prison time
at all.
Well, she's convinced she can
find one of the other victims
to testify at her trial.
Do you think she's right
about that?
I'm --Did you know
that you need to submit
all of your financials to the
city in order to run for Mayor?
And to take a training course
on how to raise money?
I mean, this is absurd.
Why would anyone ever
even run for office?
Well, I imagine that's why
not just anyone does.
I don't even know
why I'm looking at any of this.
The whole point would be
to shave points off Dixon,
but I'm not
a conservative,
so I'd be doing nothing
to stop him.
Idea.
Do not say the word "ruse."Okay. No, what if we do
an elaborate ruse
where you pose as a conservative
to split the vote? Yeah?
Ah, she's right.
That is one way to do it.
Thank you, baby.You do look good in a red tie.
And your parents,
already in character.
Jack!Travis, Travis, Travis,
come on. Come on.
You have to understand
that you are literally
our only hope --
[ Klaxons sound ]Dispatch: Engine 19, Ladder 19,
and Aid Car 19 requested
to Harborside Research Center.Ben: Damn!
If I'm not back
in time for Pru's party,
Miranda's gonna kill me.
[ Telephones ringing ]
Luisa:
Just let me do the talking.
[ Sighs ]
[ Door opens ]Mr. Pope.
Luisa Berrol. This is my client,
Andrea Herrera.
I'm the firefighter
who almost got raped
by another firefighter.
[ Sighs ]
And why are you here?
Sir, this case
is highly unique,
and it holds
the public's interest.
With good reason.
There's every indication
that Mr. Bananti sexually
assaulted my client --
CC footage
shows them kissing.
They go out of frame.[ Andy scoffs ]
Next thing we see,
she's dropping him
to the ground and running.
Yes, but --
Her rape kit
told us nothing.
And the bartender
gave us a statement
saying that they had been
flirting for hours.
So what in that suggests that
the deceased might be a rapist?
The fact is, sir, you knew
this was a weak case,
and you still threw the book
at my client --
The fact is that
there are other victims.
At least one other
that I know about.
And I'm sure there are more.There's nothing on his record.
Which means he's never been
held accountable for it.
He slipped through the system,
and it's because of that
he was able to attack me
that night.
It's because of that
that he's dead today.
All -- All we ask
is that you --
Look. Off the record,
we've had some anonymous tips
about the deceased,
but anonymous tips
can't prove anything.
Bring me something real,
or get ready to go to trial.
[ Door opens, closes ]
Okay.
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Siren shuts off ]
[ Kids shouting indistinctly ]
Oh, God.
[ Horn honks ]Carl: Hey!
Hey, don't get any closer!
For your safety,
do not get near
this crash site!
This is Seattle Fire.
What's your situation?
I-I-I'm transporting
Cesium-137.
At least
one container spilled.
It's powder.
It'll be in the air.
What's Cesium-137?
They use it
in radiotherapy machines.
It's radioactive material.
Dispatch, this is Incident
Command 19. We need Hazmat.
[ Kids shouting,
banging on windows ]
Beckett: So what exactly is
this Cesium stuff?
They use it to treat cancer.
It's powerful stuff,
but exposure, not good.
Wait, so the same thing you use
to treat cancer causes cancer?
Pretty much.
See that puck
right next to the bus?
There are kids in there.
Right now, those kids
are safer in the bus
than they'd be if they
get exposed to the powder.
Alright, rule with this stuff
is, you know,
time, distance,
a-and shielding, right?
So we just get in there
real quick,
move it in seconds,
and get the kids out.
I can't risk you or anyone else
getting exposure.
We don't know the extent
of the contamination.
We gotta get to those kids!
Well, we can't risk the wind
blowing the powder at them.
There could be injuries.And likely injured adults.
Otherwise, they'd be
punching out those windows.
Look, I need two of you to move
in with your meters, get a read,
and then we'll see what kind of
a hot zone we're working with,
and then I'll consider sending
a med group to the bus.
I'll go.
No, Ben,
you already had cancer.
No, and you have Pru.
I will go.
Gibson. Who else?
Me.Montgomery.
♪♪
The dosimeters have a survey
meter mode that starts beeping
when you're close
to radioactive material.
At that point,
you have 10 minutes max.
If you move closer,
it will beep faster,
meaning you have
even less time.
And then finally, when
the dosimeter alarms go off,
you are done. You need to exit
the hot zone ASAP. Got it?
-Copy.
-Got it.
♪♪
Officer Dang:
So you've been married --
18 months.
She answers. Not you.
Right. Sorry.
We got married
a year and a half ago.
How many people were there?
Uh, about 12?
It was a bit of a...
blurry mess.
A-A good mess.
Why so small?
Pandemic.
Did your families come?
We don't really speak
to our parents,
and my brother is dead,
so --
But my mom showed up.
And we're very close
with my work family.
We're actually trying
to have a baby with...
Uh, I'm -- Uh, sorry.
Go on. Yes.
Okay, yes.
Uh, I'll be carrying,
and we're using a donor.How did you meet?
We met at work.
Oh. You meant us.Me. Yeah.
Yeah, we met --Again,
I want youto answer.
In your own words.
Tell me like
you'd tell a friend.
Okay. So, yes,
I was working at the hospital,
and she came in
with a nose.
A nose?
Yeah.
It was a bear attack.
Yeah, and
she's a firefighter.
And she brought in the nose,
which was really gross.
But later that night,
I saw her at the bar,
and I asked her
to tell me the story
of how she ended up
carrying a nose.
And I knew it right away
when I saw her.
I'm gonna sleep
with this woman.
Carina!
What?
Tell it like
you'll tell a friend!
And then what?
Yeah, well, we did not
sleep together right away --
Oh, my God!
Uh, you can skip
those details.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. So yeah, we started
texting each other, and then,
oh, I helped her deliver a baby
in the middle of a blizzard,
and -- and --
Oh, yes, and then we finally
slept together.
Please don't
write that down.
Travis:
Why'd I have to be a hero?
Quickly. Time,
distance, shielding.
Okay, why can't we just
hose that little thing away?
No, that would just
spread the cesium.
Like washing a toxic spill
into a storm drain.
Can we at least just
get ready for extraction?
You know, spine boards,
med bags, et cetera,
as close as we can
before our dosimeters go off?
Alright, fine.
Warren, Hughes, go.
Man: You got 10 more feet![ Kids shouting indistinctly ]
So how close can we get without
soaking up all that radiation?
Look, the second our dosimeters
beep, we have to turn back.
Look, it's not a warning,
alright?
It's a "you have reached
maximum allowable exposure."
How are we supposed
to tell the difference
between the survey meter sound
and the dosimeter sound?
Trust me. You'll know.
So what, we come back, reset,
and then go back again?
No, the radiation stays with you
for the rest of your life.
Think of it
like a measuring cup.
Every time
that thing goes off,
you're pouring more radiation
into the cup.
And you can never empty it.
So, what, a teaspoon
won't kill me, but a cup will?
Exactly.
[ Air hisses ]
[ Kids shouting ]
Looks like the driver's
unconscious.
Needs immediate extraction
and treatment A.S.A.P.
[ Dosimeter beeps ]Oh, crap.
Beckett:
That's your border. Mark it.
♪♪
Do you want me to run in there
and break a window real quick --
You'd be exposing
the kids and yourself
as long as you're
in the hot zone.
-Help!
-Help! Please!
Help!
♪♪
I hate this.
[ Man shouts indistinctly ]
[ Grunts ]
Sullivan: You alright, Cap?Yeah. What?
We're gonna make our way
to the truck driver.
See what his condition is.
Keep track of
your survey meters.
Don't try to be a hero.
Copy.
Whatever possessed you
to think that was a good idea?
You not only tanked any chance
we had at a continuance,
but now he's for sure
gonna throw everything
that he has at us.
You want a coffee?
[ Sighs ]
I told you
to let me do the talking.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
So, I went through
Jeremy's socials,
and I cross-checked
the women who follow him
with the women
in his incoming class.
I narrowed it down
to five.
One of those five
didn't graduate.
Oh, you got to be
kidding me.
Look, I am not sorry
that I'm not playing
by the rules of a system
designed to break me.
What do you want?
I'm buying.
[ Kids shouting indistinctly ]
[ Dosimeter beeping ]
-Help us!
-Save us!
♪♪
Alright, kids, hang tight.
Hang tight, kids!
Hold on, guys!
Hold on!It's stuck. Come on!
Oh, no, no, no! No, no, no!No, no, no!
Do not do that! Do not do that!Keep it closed!
Do not open the window!
Alright, I'm sorry,
but you cannot!
You have
to keep it closed!
There's about a dozen kids
in there going absolutely crazy.
Well, they're awake
and moving at least.
Can we -- Can we open one window
for extraction, Ben? Come on.
One kid out before our --
[ Dosimeter beeping loudly ]
Yeah, the dosimeter.
Yeah, game over.
Hold on, guys!
Hold on, okay?
Ugh. Everything in me right now
wants to run in there.
I know. I know.
I know.
Help us! Help us!
Save us!
Help us!We're gonna get you out!
Just sit tight! Sit tight.It's gonna be okay.
Sir, sir, sir, sir!
No, you can't
get any closer!
[ Dosimeter beeps ]
How long can we be exposed?I don't know.
The faster it beeps,
the less time we have.
Maybe we can --My leg is trapped!
But you don't want
to get near me.
Vic: Captain,
we gotta get in that bus.
These kids are
freaking out.
Beckett:
Hazmat ETA is 15 minutes.
We don't have 15 minutes,
Captain.
These kids are starting to -- I know, Warren.
Okay, well, what if we back up
the ladder truck
and drop down in the litter
basket and just move that thing?
According to dispatch,
trying to move the source
without proper containment
will only do more damage
to all life forms within a
hundred feet radius of the bus.
That's two and a half
school buses.
If I can move that puck
just -- just a hundred yards,
that's only a few seconds.
Trying to carry that thing
with a puncture in it
would be like trying to carry
an open jar of baby powder.
You'll just be splashing
Cesium-137 all over the place.
Crap.
No! No! Stop![ All shouting indistinctly ]
No, no! Hey!Stay in the bus!
Hughes, Hughes, we've already
reached maximum exposure.
I don't care, Warren!
I don't care!
Hughes, we can't!
Okay.Stop opening the window!
Just please stop!
[ Man shouts indistinctly ]
What can I get ya?Do you have oat milk?
We do.
Oat latte.
Two shots. Thanks.
I'll have
a small drip coffee.
Okay, name?
Andy Herrera.
I'm the one who killed
Jeremy Bananti.
What -- What is this?
Why are you here?
Holly, we just want
to talk to you --
Sorry. I-I realize
that ambushing you
here at work probably --Can you go?
Please? I n--
I need you to leave.
I know -- I know
this is terrible timing,
but, look, I know you've been
following my case.
How do you know that?
Look, they want me
to plead guilty
and take
a shorter sentence.
But I'm not guilty, Holly.
And you know that
as well as I do.
You know what Jeremy
was capable of.
You know that all I did was
what I needed to do to survive.
You need to leave.
I'm at -- I'm at work.
Please,
I just want to talk.
I know what you've
been through.
Okay, I have a --
I have a break in 15 minutes.
Off the record.
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
Huh.
Why did you two
wait to get married
until your visa
was expiring?
I didn't believe in marriage,
but she convinced me.
[ Sighs ]
Interesting timing.
I know it looks that way,
but honestly --
Not you.
Okay, yes, right. We got married
during the pandemic,
and, yes, my visa was expiring,
but, uh, at the time,
we had been dating
for a couple of years,
and we were afraid
if I had to go back to Italy,
between the government
shutdown
and -- and the pandemic
and -- and everything,
I wouldn't be able
to come back.
And we couldn't bear that.
But it says here you did return
to Italy, for six weeks...
Yes....just before
your wedding date?
While waiting
for the spousal visa,
I felt like
I had to go back home
to help
my hometown hospital.
They were overwhelmed
with COVID.
And according to this,
Ms. Bishop,
you are a first responder,
as well --Mm-hmm.
Uh, a captain with
the Seattle Fire Department?
No, a lieutenant now.
I was demoted.
What happened there?
Well, I --
Do I answer now?
Okay, I, uh, made a decision
on a call, as captain,
that went against
what my chief had ordered.
So, insubordination.
That is
the official reason, yes.
What was
the unofficial reason?
I'm sorry,
but what does this have --
You know, I-I would say,
unofficially, it was sexism.
Possibly homophobia.
Oh, my God.The chief was threatened
by me.
And then the new chief,
the female chief,
had the opportunity
to correct the mistake,
but she declined, because she's
doing it just like the boys did,
which isn't really
progress at all.
It's just the same thing.
[ Chuckling ] And instead,
I am stuck
watching an incompetent drunk
and a back-stabbing drug addict
have a pissing contest over
a job that's rightfully mine,
while I just
wipe up their urine
so that no one else
slips and falls.
[ Sighs ] Yeah.
♪♪
-No, no, no!
-No, no, no, no!
Stay on the bus!
It's very dangerous out here!
No, no, no!You need to stay back!
No! It's not safe
outside the bus!
Help us!
Why aren't you helping us?!
Vic: We will! We will![ Dosimeter beeps ]
We are -- We are trying to,
but we need you to put
that window back down right now.
Put the window back down.There's people hurt in here.
My friend Tim S. and his mom --Buddy, I know,
and we really want
to treat you, and we will,
but right now, there's some
really dangerous stuff out here.
Some stuff that's worse
than the cuts and scrapes,
which I know really hurt.
What is it?
We can't scare them.Look, kids appreciate the truth.
Look, we really need to get them
back in the bus, so just --
Okay, it's Cesium-137,
and it's a radioactive material.
Like they use
in x-rays?
Yes! Yes!
Yeah, yeah, yeah --
Yeah, sort of. Sort of.
But we need you
to put the window back down.
Okay.Okay. Good.
Everybody, stay back
far away from the window.
Okay. Okay.Good job. Great job!
Thank you!Carl: I'm almost out!
[ Grunts ]
Sir!
[ Groaning ][ Dosimeter beeps ]
No! No, no, don't --
don't help me!
And it's not sir!
It's Carl.
Listen. Carl, no.Carl, Hazmat is
a few minutes away.
Just stay where you are.
We all know someone
has to move that thing
so the kids don't get exposed...Yes, but --
...so you can get in there
and rescue them?
Yes, but listen!But listen to what?!
[ Panting ] You guys can't even
get close to this truck
without getting a lethal dose
of radiation.
And I've been in it
this whole time.
Look, I ain't trying
to be a hero.
You guys are the heroes.
The world needs more people
like you, not me.
[ Grunts ]
And I've already been exposed.
Let me do this.
Yeah, I'm gonna make my life
a little shorter,
so that you and those kids
will live longer ones.
No, Carl.
No.
[ Breathing heavily ]
You have kids?
Either of you?
No.Well, I do.
Sienna. She's 11.
And she wants to be
a scientist.
She tells all her friends
at school
that I make "lab stuff."
But she doesn't know
I just drive it around.
[ Chuckles ]
Listen.
If Sienna were in there,
I'd want someone
to do it for her.
♪♪
Let me do this.
♪ Follow the stars
across the sky ♪
♪ Maybe the next one
we could ride ♪
♪ In every moment
there's a sign ♪
♪♪
♪ Watching the moon
pull in the tide ♪
♪ Every night
♪ Just like breathing
♪ Ooh ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ooh-ooh ooh ooh
♪ Ooh ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ooh-ooh ooh ooh
♪ All of the songs
left in our lungs ♪
♪ Keeping our hearts
forever young ♪
♪ Every day we've just begun
[ Siren wailing ]
♪ Just like breathing
♪♪
♪ It's a beautiful light
♪ Ooh ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ooh-ooh ooh ooh
♪ It's a beautiful life
♪ Ooh ooh-ooh ooh-ooh
ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ooh-ooh ooh ooh
You okay?
You sure?Yeah, I'm okay.
I promise.
Is that driver
gonna make it?
♪♪
We were on a field trip
when we tipped over,
and the driver just kind of
went off to sleep.
And Timmy S., his mom
hit her head really hard
and was making
weird sounds.
That sounds pretty scary.
It was.
But I knew I had to get us out.
I was just trying
to open a window.
Don't forget your mask.It was really hard.
I wasn't quite
strong enough.
Well, you look pretty strong
to me. Whoa!
Look at them guns!
I can't wait to tell
my mom and dad.
♪♪
Officer Dang:
Do you own any weapons?
No.
Are you or have you ever been
associated with
a terrorist organization?
No.
Do you plan to commit
acts of genocide?
[ Chuckling ] No.
Do you actually expect people
to answer that honestly?
What? I'm just saying, if you
came here to commit genocide,
you're not gonna tell
Officer Dang.
It's just so that
if you ever do commit genocide
and you told us no,
they can deport you
for lying in your interview.
Right.But not for the genocide.
Have you ever elicited
the use of child soldiers?
[ Laughs ]
No.
I'm sorry.I'm sorry, I assure you,
we take this
very seriously.
Last one.
Do you seek to engage
in activities
of human trafficking?
No --[ Laughing ] Yes, yes,
definitely.
Maya!
Definitely --Definitely yes to that one.
Definitely not.We've been here for hours.
I think Officer Dang
understands
that my sense of humor
is sarcastic.
H-He's a government
official.
Officer, she's kidding,
just to be clear.
I think he's clear, Carina!
Do you joke about bombs
in the airport? You don't!
This isn't an airport!
Please stop!
Sorry.
♪♪
Congratulations.
You have a green card.
I do?
We do?You remind me of me and my wife.
The bickering is endless.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Thank you.
Oh, my God. Thank you.You bet.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Good luck to you.Thank you.
Regards to the wife.Don't forget about -- Thank you.
Thanks.
[ Sighs ]
It was $3 margarita night
at some gross place off campus.
All the freshmen
would go there.
I don't even remember
talking to him that night.
I had like $20
worth of $3 margaritas.
I went outside because I thought
I was gonna puke. And then --
He followed you out.
I guess so.
[ Sighs ] I woke up
in the morning in my dorm room.
Something seemed off.
I couldn't figure out what.
And then I went
to take a shower,
and I realized I wasn't
wearing underwear anymore.
I took a shower,
and when I got out,
I saw myself in the mirror --
just bruises
all up and down my sides.
[ Sighs ]
My roommate
told me to report it,
but I didn't even know
what had happened.
Like, what would I say?
I failed out of school
second semester.
I just couldn't
keep it together.
My parents were mortified.
[ Sighs ] Sent me to a shrink
to figure out why I was
suddenly so depressed
and...
cutting myself
and failing.
And after a couple sessions,
I had a "recovered memory,"
I guess they say, of...
Jeremy pulling me behind
the dumpsters outside the bar,
me saying no,
and him doing it anyway.
I told my parents.
We reported it to the Dean,
and he said
he didn't want to "throw away
a young man's future"
based on the accusation
of a drunk college dropout.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Sighs ]And then when I saw
the news story
about what happened with you,
all I could think was...
finally.
I have a son.
He's only 5,
and his dad isn't around.
Um, and I --
I try --
I try really hard
to raise him right
and to be a good man. I --
But the world.
I can't be on the news.
Everything stays
on the Internet now.
He'll get older.
He'll see it.
He'll be so angry,
and I --
I can't give this boy anything
more to be angry about.
I'm sorry, I just --
I can't. I'm sorry.
No, trust me.
I-I-I get it. I --
Having one of the worst nights
of my life
out there
for public opinion is --
I mean, yeah.
I'm here selfishly asking you
to help me out
so I don't go to jail
for 10 years --
10 years?
Yeah, Holly, I'm here
because unless we,
all of us,
start talking
and saying "Enough,"
the laws
aren't gonna change.
Women are gonna keep getting put
in jail for defending themselves
against their attackers
or abusers or...
rapists.
We got to show them that this
isn't an "isolated incident."
That boys only become
violent men when they're taught
that there are no consequences
for their actions.
That they can't just make
a "mistake"
and -- and change the course
of a woman's life
and then skip off
to the rest of theirs. Holly.
You shouldn't have to worry
that your son might be angry.
He shouldbe angry.
He should be so angry
that he teaches other little
boys to be angry about it, too.
Men should be angry.
Everyone should be angry,
because it won't change
unless it's more than just women
who are angry.
♪♪
And the only way that happens
is if we talk.
♪♪
[ Air hissing ]
Chief's here.
19, everyone safe?
-All fine.
-We're good.
-All good.
-Yep.
We've been better.
PD wants to press charges
against that truck driver.
What?
He saved those kids' lives.
Yeah, that's what I hear
from Beckett,
but apparently, the Internet's
already in outrage mode,
and PD wants
someone to blame.
Let me guess.
This is Dixon?
Partly, yeah.
Yeah.
Chief, I'm gonna --
Can I ask you something?
Uh...
are you rethinking my offer
to support you
on the leadership track?
No. Uh, sort of.
I'm gonna run for Mayor.
Of Seattle.
To beat Dixon.
Please say something.
Montgomery...
Dixon has the entire
PD behind him.
Right, and I'm asking
if I have the entire
FD behind me.
He's not exactly running
on the same side as you would.
But I'll do
whatever I got to do.
I'll tie on a red tie, and I'll
go to every single car wash
and softball game
in the city of Seattle
and steal each and every vote
that I possibly can from him.
Because Dixon and men like him
are what is wrong in this world.
Not just in this city.
But in this world.
He is a self-serving, immoral,
bigoted opportunist
who trades the well-being
of entire communities
for his own
self interests.
And I'm --
I'm sick of it.
And I know that you said
becoming a lieutenant
is the way to make change,
but it's too slow.
And Dixon needs to be stopped
right now,
because as soon
as he becomes Mayor,
he will gut every single
community program
that we started, including
the ones you spearheaded.
So I'll do
whatever I got to do
and I'll say
whatever I got to say
to make sure that he doesn't get
one more ounce of power, and...
I'm hoping
that you'll help me.
As chief, I can't
point the department
toward
a political candidate.
But I can endorse you
personally.
Good luck, Montgomery.
Let me know next steps.
♪♪
Did that really just happen?
[ Chuckles ] Uh, yeah.
I think that happened.
-Yeah, nice job, man!
-What...
was that?I cannot wait to vote for you.
Are we --[ Laughter ]
We're doing
an elaborate ruse!
Mr. Mayor.
♪♪
Maya:
Well, you're the one
that was talking about
the first time we had sex!
Yes, because I knew
it would embarrass you
and make him believe
that we are a real couple.
Wait, that's
actually genius.
I know. It worked.
They still out?
I think we missed a big one.
Nuclear waste.
Oh.
Aw.
Oh, man.
Oh, okay, I hope
once our baby comes,
you're not gonna say
"Oh, man"
about missing
radiation exposure.
You have your hobbies,
I have mine.
[ Door opens ]Chief.
Hi.
DeLuca. Bishop.They're still on the call.
Uh, they're headed back.
I just left.
It was a lot.
Man, you missed a big one.
Are you here
for Pru's party?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
You hardly know Warren.
I mean it's always a-a pleasure
to have you here, Chief.
I'll be
in Beckett's office.
Carina: See you later.Mm-hmm.
What?I swear, she finds a new excuse
to come here every day.
I mean, so did I when you and I
first started dating.
Yeah, well, you weren't
in charge of the promotions
of everyone I care about.
Okay. Can we enjoy the great
news just for one night?
You're right.
You're right. [ Sighs ]Great.
Seattle Pres says the truck
driver's stable for now.
[ Sighs ]
Thank God.
Radiation sickness?
And third degree burns
on his hands.
He'll be lucky
if that's all it is.
Dude's a hero.
Not sure "hero"
even covers it.
I'm gonna get sober.
♪♪
I'm gonna get help.
I might need rehab.
♪♪
Okay.
You still can't have
my job.
[ Both chuckle ]
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations,
telephone ringing ]
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
♪♪
[ Laughter ]
Bailey:
See this, my baby girl?
Oh.
Everyone here loves you
so much.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Jack, you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Is it the brother stuff
or us stuff?
No, I'm fine.
We might be taking a test later,
if you want to come.
No, no.
Y-You guys go ahead.
I-I don't need to be a part
of everything, you know.
Okay.Jack.
Stop. Okay?
I-I appreciate it, I do.
Stop it. I-I-I don't need
a pity family, okay?
So, um, how much exposure
did you get?
Oh, no more
than that night
at the, uh, nuclear power plant
in Baghdad.
Hey, uh...
the Beckett situation?
No longer a problem.
Yeah?
Hey.
So, um, you found her?
The power of the Internet.
The power of Herrera.
[ Chuckles ]
Ben: Um, just want to say
a couple words.
Uh, today,
for maybe the first time
in my career --
well, all three of them...[ Scoffs ]
...I, uh --
I didn't break the rule.
I didn't run
right into the fire
when, uh, I was
specifically told not to.
That hurt. It -- It hurt.
But it was all
because of this woman
and the family
that we've built
who I so desperately
want to stick around for.
You better.
[ All chuckle ]
You know, w-when I married
this woman,
I knew that it meant I would
become a dad --
well, stepdad -- to a, uh --
an extraordinary young man.
But what I didn't know was that
she would open up our home
and my heart to another
extraordinary young man.
Or that we would,
through circumstances which
no one would wish on anyone,
inherit a perfect little girl.
♪♪
Ah, Dean Miller.
[ Clears throat ]
You made
the ultimate sacrifice.
And we will never be
the same without you,
but we will do our very best
to keep making the world...
[Voice breaking]
...a-a little better,
every day,
just like you did.
Travis: Yeah. My man!
[ Laughter ]
We love you.
We -- We love you all.
You're our family.
You are the village
that our brother Dean
wanted for his daughter.
To Dean Miller.
Dean Miller.To Dean Miller.
-To Dean Miller.
-Dean Miller.
[ Applause ]That's the moment.
[ Laughs ]That's where you --
That's where you do it.
[ Chuckles ]
So, did you talk
to the P.A.?
And?
Andy, don't leave me in suspense
here. What --
I'm --
Andy?
I-I'm free.
What?Yeah, he dropped the charges.
You're free?
What?
I don't have to go to trial.
It's over.
-What?
-Wow.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪
That's an ever better reason
to have a party.
[ Sobbing ] Oh, God!
Sorry. Oh, God.
[ Crying ] Sorry.
♪♪
Don't be sad, Auntie Vic.
Oh, sweetie.
Oh, sweetheart.
Oh, baby girl, I'm sad,
and I'm happy.
I just -- I really wish
your dad was here.
He'd be so happy.
He'd be really happy.
♪♪
I love you.
Yeah, so,
this was my office once.
We can put a desk in here
for you if you want or --
I know she's your ex
and this doesn't
affect my decision in any way,
but I need to know.
Can you work with her?
What are you talking about?
Andy?
Mm-hmm. If a position opens up
here at 19,
can you work with her?
Whose spot?
Maya: I want my job back.Bishop --
I know you two
are sleeping together.
I want my job back,
or I'm going to report you.
♪♪
[ Scoffs ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
♪♪
I see money.
[ Laughing ]
Money, see money?
You're not really gonna run
Republican, are you?
I found a loophole --
Independent.
Ooh!Yes, sir!
[ Both chuckle ]
What is going on?Baby.
[ Laughing, crying ]
I don't know. I don't know!
I just -- I just --
I love you guys.
I love you.
I love all of you.
Especially you.
I love you.
Were you looking at me
when you said it the first time?
-Cute.
-I wasn't looking at you.
Natasha:
Herrera? Quick word?
-Sorry, Chief.
-We should get back to the --
Thanks.
Uh, uh, Chief, I-I-I just
want to say I'm sorry
for the way I spoke to you
a few weeks ago. I was just --
You were in crisis.
I understand.
No, but still,
it was unacceptable.
I-I shouldn't have blamed you
for department policy.
Look, Seattle is lucky
to have you.
Thank you, Herrera.
But now that
you're coming back to 19,
you'll have a chance
to make it up to me,
'cause it turns out, a
lieutenant spot just opened up.
What do you mean?
Whose?Yours, if you want it.
[ Indistinct conversations
in distance ]
♪♪
[ Laughter in distance ]
[ Tires squeal ]
Andy: Jack?!
Jack! Where the hell
are you going?!
♪♪